# Evaluation

We determined the usefulness of our application through evaluating its utility and usability. We have conducted a qualitative and qualitative study through an online questionaire and task based evaluation, by observing a participant trying out the system and measuring certain variables. This investigation was conducted with the help of 15 Computer Science and Engineering students from the University of Bristol.

## Quanlitative Analysis
This research was conducted using an online questionaire the participants can fill once they have used the used the application. Our results showed that 16.7% of participants found the results to be vague. This was mainly beacuse no context was shown, as to how the results were calculated and what the scores represent. We have rectified this by providing more detail about this. Furthermore, 29% of the users were not familiar with the term Open-Source Software. This made us provide a short description as to what our application aims to achieve and what queries we are looking for. In addition, participants found that when hovering over scores in the graph, data displayed over each point overlapped with one another. This made it hard for users to interpret the graph. This was fixed by removing the dates for each point. Finally, 14% users suggested to make the site more aesthetic.

## Quantitative Analysis
We conducted this study by asking participants to search for a query and tell us what the results suggest about the query. On the first attempt there were 4 successful and 3 unsuccessful tries from the participants. We found that when users were not provided any context as to what to search for, they would search for irrelevant queries leading to a failed entry. However if information was provided, there were no failed attempts. Given an appropriate query, it took around 1 to 2 seconds for the results to be displayed. Partakers were satisfied with this. In addition, users who provided a suitable query took on average about 5 seconds to interpret the results displayed. In conclusion, we deduced that users interpret the results well and understand the main purpose of the site provided some context is provided.
