# Overview

In today's technology-driven world, social media sites such as Twitter and Reddit have become the most prominent platforms to express one's opinion and influence advertising on a global scale. According to Northeastern University (Boston, MA, USA), an estimated 80% of the world's data is unorganised, much of that is in the form of emails, social media, surveys etc. Sorting through this manually would be rigorous, expensive and impossibly tedious. Because of this many businesses have started incorporating Sentiment analysis on such data and have it incorporated into their processes to give a competitive edge against other companies whilst gaining valuable insights of varied sentiments into certain topics that are otherwise unattainable.

Our client Ghyston is a bespoke software development company based in Bristol that uses a range of open source tools including languages, libraries and frameworks, for developing software. The problem they face is determining which pieces of software to use. One metric used when deciding is their popularity, since this tells them if other users experiences with the software were positive or negative. Sites such as GitHub have existing ratings which can be used to rank the most starred repositories, but this does not tell the whole story.

A solution to this problem would be a tool that looks for posts on social media about that particular piece of software and extracts a sentiment value from these. An aggregate sentiment of the posts would be extremely useful in social media monitoring as it allows us to gain a better synopsis of the wider public opinion behind certain topics in software and provide an open source project's real value in the eyes of the developer community and help our client in choosing which software to use in their projects.
